the o2 arena on the banks of the River
Thames home to the biggest indoor tennis
tournament in the world
last year at the barclays ATP world tour
finals it was know that Djokovic who
claimed the prestigious end-of-season
trophy but that was then
and this is now London is waiting for a
new champion to be ground at the o2 this
November the world's best will gather to
do battle for the final trophy of 2014
this is the Emirates ATP race to London
leading the charge and the first to
qualify was reigning champion novak
djokovic the next man to book his place
was 19 roland garros woman rafael nadal
third up was roger federer guaranteeing
a record-breaking 13th consecutive
appearance at the season finale
leading those in the hunt the 2014
Australian Open champion Stan Wawrinka
in these calendar year standings it's
the brand new US Open champion Marin
Cilic who lies 50
but only the best eight players in the
world will make it and this year the
young guns are starting to break through
in sixth it's runner-up in New York
Japan's new star kei nishikori
just behind him in seventh Spain's David
Ferrer
to be the best you have to beat the best
and as the race gathers momentum it's
Thomas verdict in eighth
but just outside the qualifying places
lie a whole host of stars determined to
make a strong finish to the season and
earn their place in London there is
after all nothing quite like you
these are the barclays ATP world tour
finals the race to London is on next
week on ATP world tour uncovered making
it in Mets will have the best of the
action from the moselle open in France
and the great entertainer we catch up
with the Frenchman full of flair gal
more fees
don't forget to log on to ATP world tour
com for your twenty-four-seven breaking
news and chat with us on Facebook and
Twitter in English and Spanish see you
next week